data/datamodel.rst, before:

qsoabsfind
==========

Instructions
-------------

Please read and perform the following steps.

Running Help Command
--------------------

To get an overview of the tool's functionality and options, run:

::

    qsoabsfind --help

Input FITS File Structure
-------------------------

The input `fits file` must have the following HDU extensions:

- **FLUX**: Should ideally contain the residual spectra (usually the flux/continuum, i.e., the continuum normalized spectra).
- **WAVELENGTH**: Observed wavelength (in Angstroms).
- **ERROR**: Error on residuals.
- **TGTDETAILS**: Spectral details (such as Z_QSO, RA_QSO, DEC_QSO).

Constant File (Optional)
------------------------

The user-defined **constant-file** must follow the same structure as the `qsoabsfind.constants` file, otherwise, the code will fail. If you want to use the default search parameters, you can run the tool without the `constant-file` option.

Running the Tool
----------------

Run `qsoabsfind` with the required FITS file. If using a custom constant file, include it in the command:

::

    qsoabsfind --input <path_to_input_fits_file> [--constant-file <path_to_constant_file>] --output <path_to_output_fits_file>

Replace `<path_to_input_fits_file>` with the path to your input FITS file, `<path_to_constant_file>` with the path to your constant file (if using), and `<path_to_output_fits_file>` with the desired path for your output FITS file.

Output FITS File Structure
--------------------------

The **output** `fits file` will have the `ABSORBER` HDU, containing arrays such as:

- **INDEX_SPEC**: Index of quasar (can be used to read the RA, DEC, and Z of QSOs).
- **Z_ABS**: Redshift of absorber.
- **${METAL}_${line}_EW**: Rest-frame equivalent widths (EWs) of absorber lines (e.g., MgII 2796, 2803 or CIV 1548, 1550) in Angstroms.
- **${METAL}_${line}_EW_ERROR**: Uncertainties in rest-frame EWs of absorber lines in Angstroms.
- **Z_ABS_ERR**: Measured error in the redshift of the absorber.
- **GAUSS_FIT**: Rest-frame fitting parameters of double Gaussian to the absorber doublet (the width can be used to measure the velocity dispersion).
- **GAUSS_FIT_STD**: Uncertainties in rest-frame fitting parameters of double Gaussian to the absorber doublet.
- **SN_${METAL}_${line}**: Signal-to-noise ratio of the lines.
- **${metal}_EW_TOTAL**: Total EW of the lines in Angstroms.
- **${metal}_EW_TOTAL_ERROR**: Uncertainties in total EW of the lines in Angstroms.

Thanks,  
Abhijeet Anand
Lawrence Berkeley National Lab

Commit message:

config.py modified for user-defined constant file use

data/datamodel.rst, after:

qsoabsfind
==========

Instructions
-------------

Please read and perform the following steps.

Running Help Command
--------------------

To get an overview of the tool's functionality and options, run:

::

    qsoabsfind --help

Input FITS File Structure
-------------------------

The input `fits file` must have the following HDU extensions:

- **FLUX**: Should ideally contain the residual spectra (usually the flux/continuum, i.e., the continuum normalized spectra).
- **WAVELENGTH**: Observed wavelength (in Angstroms).
- **ERROR**: Error on residuals.
- **METADATA**: Spectral details (such as Z_QSO, RA_QSO, DEC_QSO).

Constant File (Optional)
------------------------

Before using your own constant file, please set an environment variable `QSO_CONSTANTS_FILE` in your `bashrc` or `zshrc` file and point it to the `qsoabsfind.constants` file. As the code loads the constants from new file dynamically, it is important to define this environment variable.

The user-defined **constant-file** must follow the same structure as the `qsoabsfind.constants` file, otherwise, the code will fail. If you want to use the default search parameters, you can run the tool without the `constant-file` option.

Running the Tool
----------------

Run `qsoabsfind` with the required FITS file. If using a custom constant file, include it in the command:

::

    qsoabsfind --input <path_to_input_fits_file> [--constant-file <path_to_constant_file>] --output <path_to_output_fits_file>

Replace `<path_to_input_fits_file>` with the path to your input FITS file, `<path_to_constant_file>` with the path to your constant file (if using), and `<path_to_output_fits_file>` with the desired path for your output FITS file.

Output FITS File Structure
--------------------------

The **output** `fits file` will have the `ABSORBER` HDU, containing arrays such as:

- **INDEX_SPEC**: Index of quasar (can be used to read the RA, DEC, and Z of QSOs).
- **Z_ABS**: Redshift of absorber.
- **${METAL}_${line}_EW**: Rest-frame equivalent widths (EWs) of absorber lines (e.g., MgII 2796, 2803 or CIV 1548, 1550) in Angstroms.
- **${METAL}_${line}_EW_ERROR**: Uncertainties in rest-frame EWs of absorber lines in Angstroms.
- **Z_ABS_ERR**: Measured error in the redshift of the absorber.
- **GAUSS_FIT**: Rest-frame fitting parameters of double Gaussian to the absorber doublet (the width can be used to measure the velocity dispersion).
- **GAUSS_FIT_STD**: Uncertainties in rest-frame fitting parameters of double Gaussian to the absorber doublet.
- **SN_${METAL}_${line}**: Signal-to-noise ratio of the lines.
- **${metal}_EW_TOTAL**: Total EW of the lines in Angstroms.
- **${metal}_EW_TOTAL_ERROR**: Uncertainties in total EW of the lines in Angstroms.

Thanks,
Abhijeet Anand
Lawrence Berkeley National Lab
