docs/fileformat.rst, before:

File formats
============

Input FITS File Structure
-------------------------

The input `fits file` must have the following HDU extensions:

- **FLUX**: Should ideally contain the residual spectra (usually the flux/continuum, i.e., the continuum normalized spectra).
- **WAVELENGTH**: Observed wavelength (in Angstroms).
- **ERROR**: Error on residuals.
- **METADATA**: Spectral details (such as Z_QSO, RA_QSO, DEC_QSO).

Constant File (Optional)
------------------------

The user-defined **constant-file** must follow the same structure as the `qsoabsfind.constants` file, otherwise, the code will fail. If you want to use the default search parameters, you can run the tool without the `constant-file` option.

Then run `qsoabsfind` with the required FITS file. If using a custom constant file, include it in the command:

::

    qsoabsfind --input <input_fits_file> [--constant-file <constant_file>] --output <output_fits_file>

Output FITS File Structure
--------------------------

The **output** `fits file` will have the `ABSORBER` HDU, containing arrays such as:

- **INDEX_SPEC**: Index of quasar (can be used to read the RA, DEC, and Z of QSOs).
- **Z_ABS**: Redshift of absorber.
- **${METAL}_${line}_EW**: Rest-frame equivalent widths (EWs) of absorber lines (e.g., MgII 2796, 2803 or CIV 1548, 1550) in Angstroms.
- **${METAL}_${line}_EW_ERROR**: Uncertainties in rest-frame EWs of absorber lines in Angstroms.
- **Z_ABS_ERR**: Measured error in the redshift of the absorber.
- **GAUSS_FIT**: Rest-frame fitting parameters of double Gaussian to the absorber doublet (the width can be used to measure the velocity dispersion).
- **GAUSS_FIT_STD**: Uncertainties in rest-frame fitting parameters of double Gaussian to the absorber doublet.
- **SN_${METAL}_${line}**: Signal-to-noise ratio of the lines.
- **${metal}_EW_TOTAL**: Total EW of the lines in Angstroms.
- **${metal}_EW_TOTAL_ERROR**: Uncertainties in total EW of the lines in Angstroms.

Commit message:

config.py modified for user-defined constant file use

docs/fileformat.rst, after:

File formats
============

Input FITS File Structure
-------------------------

The input `fits file` must have the following HDU extensions:

- **FLUX**: Should ideally contain the residual spectra (usually the flux/continuum, i.e., the continuum normalized spectra).
- **WAVELENGTH**: Observed wavelength (in Angstroms).
- **ERROR**: Error on residuals.
- **METADATA**: Spectral details (such as Z_QSO, RA_QSO, DEC_QSO).

Constant File (Optional)
------------------------

Before using your own constant file, please set an environment variable `QSO_CONSTANTS_FILE` in your bashrc or zshrc file and point it to the qsoabsfind.constants file. As the code loads the constants from new file dynamically, it is important to define this environment variable.

The user-defined **constant-file** must follow the same structure as the `qsoabsfind.constants` file, otherwise, the code will fail. If you want to use the default search parameters, you can run the tool without the `constant-file` option.

Then run `qsoabsfind` with the required FITS file. If using a custom constant file, include it in the command:

::

    qsoabsfind --input <input_fits_file> [--constant-file <constant_file>] --output <output_fits_file>

Output FITS File Structure
--------------------------

The **output** `fits file` will have the `ABSORBER` HDU, containing arrays such as:

- **INDEX_SPEC**: Index of quasar (can be used to read the RA, DEC, and Z of QSOs).
- **Z_ABS**: Redshift of absorber.
- **${METAL}_${line}_EW**: Rest-frame equivalent widths (EWs) of absorber lines (e.g., MgII 2796, 2803 or CIV 1548, 1550) in Angstroms.
- **${METAL}_${line}_EW_ERROR**: Uncertainties in rest-frame EWs of absorber lines in Angstroms.
- **Z_ABS_ERR**: Measured error in the redshift of the absorber.
- **GAUSS_FIT**: Rest-frame fitting parameters of double Gaussian to the absorber doublet (the width can be used to measure the velocity dispersion).
- **GAUSS_FIT_STD**: Uncertainties in rest-frame fitting parameters of double Gaussian to the absorber doublet.
- **SN_${METAL}_${line}**: Signal-to-noise ratio of the lines.
- **${metal}_EW_TOTAL**: Total EW of the lines in Angstroms.
- **${metal}_EW_TOTAL_ERROR**: Uncertainties in total EW of the lines in Angstroms.
